Improve fdas (#236)
telefonicaid/fiware-data-access: doc/AdvancedTopics/async_processing_and_jobs.md

To keep early DA validation without waiting for the first asynchronous job completion:

> -   FDA provisioning in `validationMode=strict` performs synchronous schema introspection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   FDA provisioning with `validationMode` set to `strict` performs synchronous schema introspection.
```
